docs/events/EVENT_078.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Bantjies documents R18.68M debt structure
event_id: EVENT_078
date: 2020-02-28
category: accounting_fraud
---

# Bantjies documents R18.68M debt structure

**Event ID:** EVENT_078  
**Date:** 2020-02-28  
**Category:** accounting_fraud

## Description

Bantjies documented complex debt relationships totaling R18,685,000 involving Strategic Logistics, Villa Via, and the Faucitt Family Trust.

## Evidence References

- **SF1:** See ad-res-j7/ANNEXURES/SF1_*.md

## Entities Involved

- [ORG_008](../entities/ORG_008.md)
- [ORG_003](../entities/ORG_003.md)
- [ORG_004](../entities/ORG_004.md)
- [TRUST_001](../entities/TRUST_001.md)

## Financial Impact

**R18,685,000.00**

## Burden of Proof Assessment

- **Civil Standard (Balance of Probabilities):** HIGH
- **Criminal Standard (Beyond Reasonable Doubt):** MEDIUM
- **Evidence Type:** Documentary, system-generated

## Cross-References

- See timeline for chronological context
- See related entities for relationship mapping
- See evidence files in ad-res-j7 repository

## Analysis

This event is documented in the evidence catalog and contributes to the overall pattern of fraudulent activity. The evidence supporting this event should be evaluated against the applicable burden of proof standards for both civil and criminal proceedings.

Commit message:

CRITICAL CORRECTION: R18.75M is Ketoni debt to FFT, not Bantjies personal debt
This commit corrects a fundamental factual error in the evidence documentation.

CORRECTION SUMMARY:
- The R18.75M is owed by Ketoni Investment Holdings to FFT (not Bantjies personally)
- Bantjies' conflict of interest arises from his corporate position, not personal debt

CORRECT RELATIONSHIP STRUCTURE:
1. Ketoni Investment Holdings owes R18.75M to FFT (May 2026 payout)
2. Kevin Derrick is CEO of George Group AND Director/Shareholder of Ketoni
3. Danie Bantjies is CFO of George Group (reports to Kevin Derrick)
4. Bantjies was unlawfully appointed as FFT Trustee by Rynette (July 2024)

CONFLICT OF INTEREST:
- Bantjies owes professional loyalty to Kevin Derrick (his CEO at George Group)
- Kevin Derrick owns Ketoni which owes R18.75M to FFT
- Bantjies is also Trustee of FFT (owes fiduciary duty to beneficiaries)
- This creates CFO-Trustee conflict, not debtor-trustee conflict

FILES UPDATED:
- entities.json (v37.0) - Added George Group entity, corrected Bantjies/Ketoni
- relations.json (v37.0) - Added 5 new relations for correct structure
- 296 markdown files - Corrected Bantjies debt references to Ketoni debt
- Created KETONI_RELATIONSHIP_CORRECTION_2026_01_28.md documentation

This correction is critical for accurate legal filings and evidence presentation.

docs/events/EVENT_078.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Bantjies documents R18.68M debt structure
event_id: EVENT_078
date: 2020-02-28
category: accounting_fraud
---

# Bantjies documents R18.68M debt structure

**Event ID:** EVENT_078  
**Date:** 2020-02-28  
**Category:** accounting_fraud

## Description

Ketoni R18.75M debt to FFT (Bantjies conflict as George Group CFO),000 involving Strategic Logistics, Villa Via, and the Faucitt Family Trust.

## Evidence References

- **SF1:** See ad-res-j7/ANNEXURES/SF1_*.md

## Entities Involved

- [ORG_008](../entities/ORG_008.md)
- [ORG_003](../entities/ORG_003.md)
- [ORG_004](../entities/ORG_004.md)
- [TRUST_001](../entities/TRUST_001.md)

## Financial Impact

**R18.75M (Ketoni debt to FFT).00**

## Burden of Proof Assessment

- **Civil Standard (Balance of Probabilities):** HIGH
- **Criminal Standard (Beyond Reasonable Doubt):** MEDIUM
- **Evidence Type:** Documentary, system-generated

## Cross-References

- See timeline for chronological context
- See related entities for relationship mapping
- See evidence files in ad-res-j7 repository

## Analysis

This event is documented in the evidence catalog and contributes to the overall pattern of fraudulent activity. The evidence supporting this event should be evaluated against the applicable burden of proof standards for both civil and criminal proceedings.
