index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# Revenue Stream Hijacking Case 2025-137857

## Executive Summary

This documentation repository provides comprehensive evidence and analysis of the systematic hijacking of revenue streams in the RegimA business operations case. The case involves **three sequential interdict applications** filed over a 6-month period (March-November 2025), documenting **R10,269,727.90** in total losses.

### Critical Revelation

The **Shopify platform** has been owned and paid for since **July 2023** by Daniel Faucitt's independent UK entity **RegimA Zone Ltd** (28+ months, R140K-R280K total investment).

**Key Implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream - all revenues were generated through infrastructure owned, paid for, and operated by Daniel's UK company.

---

## Case Overview

| **Metric** | **Value** |
|------------|-----------|
| **Case Number** | 2025-137857 |
| **Case Name** | Peter Faucitt v. Jacqueline Faucitt et al. |
| **Period** | March 15, 2025 - August 20, 2025 |
| **Duration** | 158 days of documented criminal activity |
| **Total Events** | 69 |
| **Events with Financial Impact** | 54 |
| **Estimated Financial Impact** | R115,015,600 |
| **Revenue Theft** | R3,141,647.70 |
| **Trust Violations** | R2,851,247.35 |
| **Financial Manipulation** | R4,276,832.85 |
| **Total Documented Losses** | R10,269,727.90 |

---

## Three Sequential Interdict Applications

### [Application 1: Ex Parte Interdict (August 13, 2025)](application-1.md)

**Type:** Ex parte urgent application  
**Targets:** Both Jacqueline and Daniel Faucitt  
**Status:** Pending return date; notice of intention to oppose filed September 5, 2025

**Key Trigger Event:**
- August 11, 2025: Jacqueline signs "Main Trustee" document
- August 13, 2025: Interdict launched (2 days later)

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [POPIA Violations](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- [Trustee Misconduct](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [ReZonance Payment System](evidence-index.html#rezonance)

[View Full Application 1 Details →](application-1.md)

---

### [Application 2: Settlement Agreement Enforcement (October 2025)](application-2.md)

**Type:** Application to make settlement agreement an order of court  
**Context:** Mediation held September 18, 2025

**Key Events:**
- September 22, 2025: Respondents withdraw from agreements
- September 23, 2025: ENS Attorneys (respondents' counsel) withdraw
- October 2025: Applicant files enforcement application

**Agreements Reached at Mediation:**
1. Medical assessments (drug screening, psychiatric evaluation)
2. Forensic investigations into entity affairs

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [Mediation Documentation](evidence-index.html#mediation)
- [Corporate Records](evidence-index.html#cipc)
- [Accounting Evidence](evidence-index.html#accounting)

[View Full Application 2 Details →](application-2.md)

---

### [Application 3: Contact Interdict (November 4, 2025)](application-3.md)

**Type:** Urgent application  
**Target:** Jacqueline only (First Respondent)  
**Hearing Date:** November 18, 2025

**Relief Sought:**
1. Contact ban with all business entities except through applicant's attorneys
2. Costs on attorney-client scale if opposed
3. Further/alternative relief

**Key Allegations Timeline:**
- End of September 2025: Harassment allegations
- September 30, 2025: Training session dispute
- October 1, 2025: Correspondence demanding desistance

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [Email Correspondence](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [Sage Control Analysis](evidence-index.html#sage)
- [Trademark Documentation](evidence-index.html#trademark)

[View Full Application 3 Details →](application-3.md)

---

## Key Patterns Across All Three Applications

### 1. **Systematic Coordination** 
Timeline reveals coordinated action across three distinct crime categories:
- **Revenue Theft:** 5 events targeting business operations
- **Trust Violations:** 5 events manipulating family trust structure
- **Financial Manipulation:** 5 events diverting and concealing funds

### 2. **Shopify Platform Centrality**
**10 out of 15 events** (67%) directly involve the Shopify platform:
- Platform owned and paid for by RegimA Zone Ltd (UK) since July 2023
- 28+ months of continuous funding (R140K-R280K total investment)
- **Critical implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream

### 3. **Evidence Destruction Pattern**
Two critical evidence destruction events demonstrating consciousness of guilt:
- **May 22, 2025:** Shopify audit trail hijacking (platform destruction)
- **August 20, 2025:** Financial evidence concealment (cover-up operations)

### 4. **Family Conspiracy Elements**
Multiple family members involved in coordinated criminal activity:
- **Peter Faucitt:** Primary perpetrator (11 events)
- **Rynette Farrar:** Co-conspirator (8 events)
- **Addarory (Rynette's son):** Domain registration for identity fraud

---

## Timeline Progression

```
March 2025:   Foundation phase (trust establishment)
April 2025:   Initial theft phase (payment redirection, bank changes)
May 2025:     Escalation phase (R850K transfers, audit trail destruction)
June 2025:    Consolidation phase (email control, fund diversions)
July 2025:    Control seizure phase (operational shutdown, account manipulation)
August 2025:  Cover-up phase & Application 1 filed
October 2025: Application 2 filed (settlement enforcement)
November 2025: Application 3 filed (contact interdict)
```

---

## Legal Framework

### Criminal Charges Supported
1. **Organized Crime/Racketeering** (POCA Section 2-3)
2. **Computer Fraud** (ECTA Sections 86-88)
3. **Identity Fraud** (ECTA Section 87-88)
4. **Theft and Fraud** (Common Law)
5. **Money Laundering** (FIC Act)
6. **Trust Law Violations** (Trust Property Control Act)

### Civil Remedies Available
1. Asset forfeiture under POCA
2. Delictual damages
3. Trust asset recovery
4. Constructive trust
5. Account of profits

---

## Data & Evidence Integrity

This case is supported by a robust and comprehensive data model (Version 11.0, updated 2025-11-19). A full analysis of the data integrity, structure, and completeness is available for review.

**[📄 View Full Data Model Analysis Report](data-model-analysis.md)**

---

## Evidence Resources

### [📁 Complete Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)
### [📁 Enhanced Evidence Index (NEW)](evidence-index-enhanced.md)
Browse all evidence files organized by category with direct links to source documents.

### Evidence Categories
- [Accounting Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#accounting)
- [Email Evidence (4 files)](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [Mediation Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#mediation)
- [POPIA Evidence (2 files)](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- [ReZonance Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#rezonance)
- [Sage Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#sage)
- [CIPC Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#cipc)
- [Trademark Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#trademark)
- [Fabricated Accounts Evidence](evidence-index.html#fabricated)
- [Financial Evidence](evidence-index.html#financial)
- [Critical Analysis](evidence-index.html#critical)

---

## Navigation

- **[View All Applications Side-by-Side](applications.md)** - Comparative analysis of all three applications
- **[Application 1 Details](application-1.md)** - Ex Parte Interdict (August 2025)
- **[Application 2 Details](application-2.md)** - Settlement Enforcement (October 2025)
- **[Application 3 Details](application-3.md)** - Contact Interdict (November 2025)
- **[Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)** - Complete evidence catalog with links

---

## Significance

This documentation demonstrates **systematic coordination** across multiple crime categories over a 6-month period, with particular emphasis on the critical Shopify platform revelation showing RWD ZA generated no independent revenue.

The concentration of Shopify-related events (67% of timeline) underscores the **central fraud:** RWD ZA's business model was entirely dependent on infrastructure owned, paid for, and operated by a third party (RegimA Zone Ltd - UK), undermining any claims of independent business operations or legitimate revenue streams.

The pattern of events supports charges of organized criminal enterprise, systematic fraud and theft, evidence destruction (consciousness of guilt), family conspiracy, trust law violations, and financial crimes.

---

**Repository:** [github.com/cogpy/revstream1](https://github.com/cogpy/revstream1)  
**License:** See LICENSE file for details

Commit message:

Refine data models and update GitHub Pages
- Added evidence references to all 69 events
- Added ad_res_j7_references to all 9 organizations
- Created refined data model versions (v5 and v6)
- Generated comprehensive improvements report
- Created detailed timeline page with evidence links
- Created comprehensive evidence index organized by event and entity
- Updated main index page with links to new resources
- Generated data model analysis report

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# Revenue Stream Hijacking Case 2025-137857

## Executive Summary

This documentation repository provides comprehensive evidence and analysis of the systematic hijacking of revenue streams in the RegimA business operations case. The case involves **three sequential interdict applications** filed over a 6-month period (March-November 2025), documenting **R10,269,727.90** in total losses.

### Critical Revelation

The **Shopify platform** has been owned and paid for since **July 2023** by Daniel Faucitt's independent UK entity **RegimA Zone Ltd** (28+ months, R140K-R280K total investment).

**Key Implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream - all revenues were generated through infrastructure owned, paid for, and operated by Daniel's UK company.

---

## Case Overview

| **Metric** | **Value** |
|------------|-----------|
| **Case Number** | 2025-137857 |
| **Case Name** | Peter Faucitt v. Jacqueline Faucitt et al. |
| **Period** | March 15, 2025 - August 20, 2025 |
| **Duration** | 158 days of documented criminal activity |
| **Total Events** | 69 |
| **Events with Financial Impact** | 54 |
| **Estimated Financial Impact** | R115,015,600 |
| **Revenue Theft** | R3,141,647.70 |
| **Trust Violations** | R2,851,247.35 |
| **Financial Manipulation** | R4,276,832.85 |
| **Total Documented Losses** | R10,269,727.90 |

---

## Three Sequential Interdict Applications

### [Application 1: Ex Parte Interdict (August 13, 2025)](application-1.md)

**Type:** Ex parte urgent application  
**Targets:** Both Jacqueline and Daniel Faucitt  
**Status:** Pending return date; notice of intention to oppose filed September 5, 2025

**Key Trigger Event:**
- August 11, 2025: Jacqueline signs "Main Trustee" document
- August 13, 2025: Interdict launched (2 days later)

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [POPIA Violations](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- [Trustee Misconduct](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [ReZonance Payment System](evidence-index.html#rezonance)

[View Full Application 1 Details →](application-1.md)

---

### [Application 2: Settlement Agreement Enforcement (October 2025)](application-2.md)

**Type:** Application to make settlement agreement an order of court  
**Context:** Mediation held September 18, 2025

**Key Events:**
- September 22, 2025: Respondents withdraw from agreements
- September 23, 2025: ENS Attorneys (respondents' counsel) withdraw
- October 2025: Applicant files enforcement application

**Agreements Reached at Mediation:**
1. Medical assessments (drug screening, psychiatric evaluation)
2. Forensic investigations into entity affairs

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [Mediation Documentation](evidence-index.html#mediation)
- [Corporate Records](evidence-index.html#cipc)
- [Accounting Evidence](evidence-index.html#accounting)

[View Full Application 2 Details →](application-2.md)

---

### [Application 3: Contact Interdict (November 4, 2025)](application-3.md)

**Type:** Urgent application  
**Target:** Jacqueline only (First Respondent)  
**Hearing Date:** November 18, 2025

**Relief Sought:**
1. Contact ban with all business entities except through applicant's attorneys
2. Costs on attorney-client scale if opposed
3. Further/alternative relief

**Key Allegations Timeline:**
- End of September 2025: Harassment allegations
- September 30, 2025: Training session dispute
- October 1, 2025: Correspondence demanding desistance

**Primary Evidence Categories:**
- [Email Correspondence](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [Sage Control Analysis](evidence-index.html#sage)
- [Trademark Documentation](evidence-index.html#trademark)

[View Full Application 3 Details →](application-3.md)

---

## Key Patterns Across All Three Applications

### 1. **Systematic Coordination** 
Timeline reveals coordinated action across three distinct crime categories:
- **Revenue Theft:** 5 events targeting business operations
- **Trust Violations:** 5 events manipulating family trust structure
- **Financial Manipulation:** 5 events diverting and concealing funds

### 2. **Shopify Platform Centrality**
**10 out of 15 events** (67%) directly involve the Shopify platform:
- Platform owned and paid for by RegimA Zone Ltd (UK) since July 2023
- 28+ months of continuous funding (R140K-R280K total investment)
- **Critical implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream

### 3. **Evidence Destruction Pattern**
Two critical evidence destruction events demonstrating consciousness of guilt:
- **May 22, 2025:** Shopify audit trail hijacking (platform destruction)
- **August 20, 2025:** Financial evidence concealment (cover-up operations)

### 4. **Family Conspiracy Elements**
Multiple family members involved in coordinated criminal activity:
- **Peter Faucitt:** Primary perpetrator (11 events)
- **Rynette Farrar:** Co-conspirator (8 events)
- **Addarory (Rynette's son):** Domain registration for identity fraud

---

## Timeline Progression

```
March 2025:   Foundation phase (trust establishment)
April 2025:   Initial theft phase (payment redirection, bank changes)
May 2025:     Escalation phase (R850K transfers, audit trail destruction)
June 2025:    Consolidation phase (email control, fund diversions)
July 2025:    Control seizure phase (operational shutdown, account manipulation)
August 2025:  Cover-up phase & Application 1 filed
October 2025: Application 2 filed (settlement enforcement)
November 2025: Application 3 filed (contact interdict)
```

---

## Legal Framework

### Criminal Charges Supported
1. **Organized Crime/Racketeering** (POCA Section 2-3)
2. **Computer Fraud** (ECTA Sections 86-88)
3. **Identity Fraud** (ECTA Section 87-88)
4. **Theft and Fraud** (Common Law)
5. **Money Laundering** (FIC Act)
6. **Trust Law Violations** (Trust Property Control Act)

### Civil Remedies Available
1. Asset forfeiture under POCA
2. Delictual damages
3. Trust asset recovery
4. Constructive trust
5. Account of profits

---

## Data & Evidence Integrity

This case is supported by a robust and comprehensive data model (Version 11.0, updated 2025-11-19). A full analysis of the data integrity, structure, and completeness is available for review.

**[📄 View Full Data Model Analysis Report](data-model-analysis.md)**

---

## Evidence Resources

### [📁 Complete Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)
### [📁 Enhanced Evidence Index (NEW)](evidence-index-enhanced.md)
Browse all evidence files organized by category with direct links to source documents.

### Evidence Categories
- [Accounting Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#accounting)
- [Email Evidence (4 files)](evidence-index.html#emails)
- [Mediation Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#mediation)
- [POPIA Evidence (2 files)](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- [ReZonance Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#rezonance)
- [Sage Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#sage)
- [CIPC Evidence (2 files)](evidence-index.html#cipc)
- [Trademark Evidence (1 file)](evidence-index.html#trademark)
- [Fabricated Accounts Evidence](evidence-index.html#fabricated)
- [Financial Evidence](evidence-index.html#financial)
- [Critical Analysis](evidence-index.html#critical)

---

## Navigation

- **[Detailed Timeline](timeline.md)** - Comprehensive timeline with evidence references
- **[Comprehensive Evidence Index](evidence-index-comprehensive.md)** - All evidence organized by event and entity

- **[View All Applications Side-by-Side](applications.md)** - Comparative analysis of all three applications
- **[Application 1 Details](application-1.md)** - Ex Parte Interdict (August 2025)
- **[Application 2 Details](application-2.md)** - Settlement Enforcement (October 2025)
- **[Application 3 Details](application-3.md)** - Contact Interdict (November 2025)
- **[Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)** - Complete evidence catalog with links

---

## Significance

This documentation demonstrates **systematic coordination** across multiple crime categories over a 6-month period, with particular emphasis on the critical Shopify platform revelation showing RWD ZA generated no independent revenue.

The concentration of Shopify-related events (67% of timeline) underscores the **central fraud:** RWD ZA's business model was entirely dependent on infrastructure owned, paid for, and operated by a third party (RegimA Zone Ltd - UK), undermining any claims of independent business operations or legitimate revenue streams.

The pattern of events supports charges of organized criminal enterprise, systematic fraud and theft, evidence destruction (consciousness of guilt), family conspiracy, trust law violations, and financial crimes.

---

**Repository:** [github.com/cogpy/revstream1](https://github.com/cogpy/revstream1)  
**License:** See LICENSE file for details
