docs/application-1.md, before:

**[<< Back to Comprehensive Evidence Index](./EVIDENCE_INDEX_COMPREHENSIVE_2025_12_15.md)**

---

---
layout: default
title: Application 1 - Ex Parte Interdict
---

**Navigation:** [Home](index.md) → Application 1

---



# Application 1: Ex Parte Interdict (August 13, 2025)

[← Back to Home](index.md) | [View Application 2 →](application-2.md) | [View Application 3 →](application-3.md) | [All Applications](applications.md)

---

## Overview

**Case Number:** 2025-137857  
**Application Type:** Ex parte urgent application  
**Filed:** August 13, 2025  
**Targets:** Both Jacqueline and Daniel Faucitt  
**Status:** Pending return date; notice of intention to oppose filed September 5, 2025

---

## Critical Timeline

### Trigger Event
**August 11, 2025:** Jacqueline signs "Main Trustee" document  
**August 13, 2025:** Interdict launched (**2 days later**)

This rapid response (48 hours) suggests the application was **pre-planned** and waiting for a trigger event.

### Key Preceding Event - Retaliatory Motive
**July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice sent to Peter](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 📄  
**August 13, 2025:** First interdict filed (**36 days later**)

**Evidence File:** [POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)

This timeline demonstrates **retaliatory motive** under *Beinash v Wixley* - the application was filed in direct response to legitimate POPIA enforcement action.

---

## Relief Granted (Ex Parte)

The following relief was granted without notice to the respondents:

1. **Comprehensive contact interdict** against both Jacqueline and Daniel
2. **Business operations restrictions**
3. **Communication prohibitions**
4. **Interim control measures**

**Legal Issue:** The ex parte nature of the application raises serious questions about:
- Material non-disclosure of facts
- Misrepresentation of circumstances
- Failure to present complete picture to the court

---

## Material Facts Concealed in Ex Parte Application

### 1. POPIA Violation Context

<a name="popia-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** The application was filed 36 days after Daniel sent a formal POPIA violation notice to Peter.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [POPIA Violation Notice (July 8, 2025)](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Primary trigger document
- 📄 [SA Legislation Compliance Guide](evidence/popia/Dansent2StaffmidJuly-keypointsfromSouthAfricanLegislationComplianceGuideforAIandInformationHandling-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Daniel's compliance efforts

**Legal Significance:** Demonstrates that the interdict was retaliatory, not protective. The court was not informed of this critical context.

### 2. Shopify Platform Ownership

<a name="shopify-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** The Shopify platform central to the business has been owned and paid for by Daniel's UK company (RegimA Zone Ltd) since July 2023.

**Evidence:**
- Revenue Stream documentation in [Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md)
- Platform ownership documentation showing 28+ months of UK company funding (R140K-R280K)
- **Critical Implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream

**Legal Significance:** The court was misled about the true ownership structure and revenue generation mechanisms. This goes to the heart of the dispute.

### 3. Trustee Misconduct by Applicant

<a name="email-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter's own actions as trustee violated trust law and fiduciary duties.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Trustee Correspondence - ID Copy Request](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Operating Entity Lists showing corporate structure](evidence/emails/Fw_update-SomeInitialInformation&OperatingEntityLists-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Operating Entity Lists (Version 2)](evidence/emails/Fw_update-SomeInitialInformation&OperatingEntityLists-DanielFaucitt-Outlook1.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** The applicant presented himself as a proper trustee when evidence shows otherwise.

### 4. ReZonance Payment System Seizure

<a name="rezonance-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter and Rynette seized control of the ReZonance payment system after Kayla's death, disrupting legitimate business operations.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [ReZonance 2023, 2024, 2025 Correspondence](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [ReZonance-Unicorn-Joziway Communications](evidence/rezonance/Fw_Rezonance-Unicorn-Joziway-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Accounting Records Pre-Kayla Death (Feb 2023)](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf)
- 📄 [ReZonance Records (Feb 2023)](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Shows systematic takeover of payment infrastructure, contradicting applicant's narrative of protecting business interests.

### 5. Sage Accounting System Control

<a name="sage-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter and Rynette seized control of the Sage accounting system, locking out legitimate directors.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Sage Screenshots and Control Analysis](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Demonstrates that the applicant already had operational control and the interdict was about consolidating unlawful seizure, not protection.

### 6. CIPC Corporate Control Timeline

<a name="cipc-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** CIPC records show suspicious timing of directorship changes and name changes.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [CIPC WinDeed Report - RegimA SA (PDF)](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf)
- 📄 [CIPC WinDeed Report - RegimA SA (RTF)](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Rtf)

**Critical Facts:**
- K OZ CREATIVE → REGIMA SA on **2021-03-09**
- Peter added as director: **2021-03-09**
- Kayla resigned: **2021-03-08** (day before)

**Legal Significance:** Suspicious timing suggests pre-planning and potential fraud, not disclosed to court.

### 7. Trademark Ownership Misrepresentation

<a name="trademark-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** RegimA Zone trademark is registered to Daniel's entities, not Peter's.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Trademark Registration UK00914297063](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Court was misled about intellectual property ownership and business entitlements.

---

## Accounting Evidence Analysis

<a name="accounting-evidence"></a>
### Pre-Disruption Financial Records

The accounting evidence from February 2023 (before Kayla's death) shows normal business operations with:
- Functioning ReZonance payment system
- Proper WWD books maintenance
- Transparent financial flows

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [ReZonance WWD Books Feb 2023](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) - [Text Version](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.md)
- 📄 [ReZonance Feb 2023](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.pdf) - [Text Version](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.md)

**Contrast:** After Kayla's death, Peter and Rynette seized control of these systems, disrupting operations and creating the "chaos" they now cite as justification for the interdict.

---

## Legal Theories Supported by Evidence

### Theory 001: Abuse of Ex Parte Procedure

**Standard:** Any misrepresentation in an ex parte application is grounds for rescission.

**Evidence of Material Non-Disclosure:**
1. [POPIA violation context](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Retaliatory motive concealed
2. [Shopify ownership](evidence-index-enhanced.md#shopify) - True business structure concealed
3. [Trustee misconduct](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Applicant's violations concealed
4. [Sage control](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf) - Already had operational control
5. [Trademark ownership](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - IP rights misrepresented

**Conclusion:** Multiple material facts were concealed from the court, warranting rescission of the ex parte order.

### Theory 002: Retaliatory Motive

**Standard:** *Beinash v Wixley* - Pattern of retaliatory litigation

**Evidence:**
1. **July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice sent](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 📄
2. **August 13, 2025:** First interdict filed (36 days later)
3. **Sequential pattern:** This is the first of three interdicts filed in three months

**Conclusion:** Clear retaliatory pattern established by evidence.

### Theory 003: Corporate Misconduct

**Evidence:**
1. [Accounting records](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) showing pre/post disruption
2. [ReZonance seizure](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 
3. [Sage control takeover](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf)
4. [CIPC timeline](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf) showing suspicious directorship changes
5. [Operating entity structures](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) concealing true relationships

**Conclusion:** Systematic corporate misconduct by applicant, not disclosed to court.

### Theory 004: Trustee Misconduct

**Evidence:**
1. [Trustee correspondence](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) showing violations
2. [Operating entity manipulation](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
3. Financial control seizure ([ReZonance](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf), [Sage](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf))

**Conclusion:** Applicant's own trustee misconduct was concealed while seeking relief based on alleged respondent misconduct.

---

## Revenue Stream Hijacking Context

### March - August 2025: 158 Days of Criminal Activity

This application was filed at the end of a **6-month campaign** of systematic revenue stream hijacking. The evidence shows:

**15 Key Events documented across 3 crime categories:**
- **Revenue Theft:** R3,141,647.70
- **Trust Violations:** R2,851,247.35
- **Financial Manipulation:** R4,276,832.85
- **Total Losses:** R10,269,727.90

**Critical Events Leading to Application:**
- **May 22, 2025:** [Shopify audit trail hijacking](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md) - R1M+ monthly revenue → R0
- **July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) triggers retaliatory response
- **August 13, 2025:** Ex parte interdict filed to consolidate control

**Documentation:** See [Revenue Stream Timeline](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md) for complete analysis.

---

## Evidence Summary Table

| Evidence Category | Files | Key Facts | Legal Theories |
|------------------|-------|-----------|----------------|
| [POPIA](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 2 | Violation notice July 8 → Interdict Aug 13 (36 days) | Theory 002 (Retaliatory Motive) |
| [Email](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 4 | Trustee correspondence, operating entities, corporate structure | Theory 001, 003, 004 |
| [ReZonance](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 2 | Payment system seizure, disruption after Kayla's death | Theory 003, Shell Company Fraud |
| [Sage](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf) | 1 | Accounting system control seizure | Theory 001, 003 |
| [CIPC](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf) | 2 | Suspicious directorship timeline (2021-03-08/09) | Theory 003 (backdating fraud) |
| [Trademark](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 1 | RegimA Zone UK00914297063 ownership | Theory 001 |
| [Accounting](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) | 2 | Pre-disruption records (Feb 2023) | Theory 003, 004 |

---

## Answering Affidavit Response

### Opposition Filed: September 5, 2025

**Status:** Notice of intention to oppose filed, return date pending.

**Key Arguments:**
1. **Material non-disclosure:** Court was misled about critical facts
2. **Retaliatory motive:** Application filed 36 days after POPIA violation notice
3. **Already in control:** Applicant had seized Sage, ReZonance, and operational control
4. **Shopify revelation:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream
5. **Trustee misconduct:** Applicant's own violations concealed

**Supporting Documentation:**
- [Answering Affidavit V7](ANSWERING_AFFIDAVIT_V7_FINAL_COMPLETE.md)
- [Curatorship Conspiracy Analysis](CURATORSHIP_CONSPIRACY_ANALYSIS_REPORT.md)

---

## Next Application in Sequence

This application is the **first of three sequential interdicts** filed in three months:

1. **August 13, 2025:** Ex Parte Interdict (this application) ✓
2. **October 2025:** [Settlement Agreement Enforcement](application-2.md) →
3. **November 4, 2025:** [Contact Interdict](application-3.md) →

**Pattern Analysis:** See [Sequential Interdicts Pattern Analysis](SEQUENTIAL_INTERDICTS_PATTERN_ANALYSIS.md)

---

## Navigation

**Related Pages:**
- [← Back to Home](index.md)
- [View Application 2 (Settlement Enforcement) →](application-2.md)
- [View Application 3 (Contact Interdict) →](application-3.md)
- [View All Applications Side-by-Side](applications.md)
- [Complete Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)

**Key Documents:**
- [Revenue Stream Timeline](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md)
- [Shopify Platform Analysis](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md)
- [Sequential Interdicts Analysis](SEQUENTIAL_INTERDICTS_PATTERN_ANALYSIS.md)


---

## Extended Evidence Repository

For comprehensive supporting documentation, see the [ad-res-j7 repository](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7) which contains:

- **2,866 evidence files** (226.78 MB total)
- Complete email archives and correspondence
- Financial documents and analysis
- Legal filings and court documents
- CIPC records and corporate documentation
- Comprehensive evidence index and catalog

**[View Complete Evidence Catalog →](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7/blob/main/COMPREHENSIVE_EVIDENCE_INDEX.md)**

---

**Last Updated:** 2025-11-19


## New Evidence (2025-12-18 Refinement)

The following new evidence has been identified and cross-referenced, strengthening the application:

- **SF1: Bantjies Debt Documentation:** Documents the fraudulent R18.68M debt structure.
- **SF2: Rynette Sage Control:** Shows Rynette Farrar's administrative control over the accounting system.
- **SF4: SARS Audit Email:** Indicates official regulatory scrutiny of the companies' tax affairs.
- **SF5: Adderory Registration:** Shows the creation of a new entity for potential revenue manipulation.
- **SF7: Court Order for Email Seizure:** Legal action to seize potentially incriminating email communications.

These new evidence points significantly strengthen the case for financial fraud, conspiracy, and manipulation of accounting records.


## New Evidence - Bantjies Conflict of Interest (2025-12-19)

### SF1: Bantjies Debt Documentation (R18.685M)

**Evidence Type:** Documentary, financial records  
**Burden of Proof:** Civil HIGH, Criminal MEDIUM

**Key Findings:**

1. **R18,685,000 Debt:** Bantjies owes R18,685,000 to the Faucitt Family Trust
2. **Undisclosed Trustee:** Bantjies was appointed trustee in July 2024 but never disclosed this status
3. **Triple Conflict:** Bantjies simultaneously held three incompatible positions:
   - Trustee (fiduciary duty to trust)
   - Debtor (personal interest in avoiding collection)
   - Accountant (control over financial systems)

**Timeline of Obstruction:**

- **June 6, 2025:** Daniel reports fraud to Bantjies (EVENT_086)
- **June 10, 2025:** Bantjies dismisses audit request (EVENT_087)
- **August 1, 2025:** Bantjies certifies Peter's affidavit (EVENT_088)
- **August 13, 2025:** Interdict granted against Jacqui and Daniel

**Legal Implications:**

- Breach of fiduciary duty
- Conflict of interest
- Professional misconduct (Commissioner of Oaths)
- Material non-disclosure in court proceedings
- Obstruction of fraud investigation

**Impact on Civil Application:**

This evidence demonstrates clear motive for the entire obstruction pattern. Bantjies had R18,685,000 reasons to:
- Dismiss Daniel's legitimate audit request
- Support Peter's interdict application
- Certify affidavit with material omissions
- Prevent discovery of fraud

The interdict application may be voidable due to material non-disclosure of Bantjies's trustee status and debt.

**Cross-References:**
- [SF1 Full Documentation](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7/blob/main/ANNEXURES/SF1_Bantjies_Debt_Documentation.md)
- [EVENT_086: Daniel reports to Bantjies](events/EVENT_086.html)
- [EVENT_087: Bantjies dismisses audit](events/EVENT_087.html)
- [EVENT_088: Bantjies certifies affidavit](events/EVENT_088.html)
- [Relations Update 2025-12-19](RELATIONS_UPDATE_2025_12_19.html)



---

## New Evidence (2025-12-19 Refinement)

### Evidence Strengthening Civil Action


#### SF1: Bantjies R18.685M Debt
- **Relevance**: Establishes motive and conflict of interest
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Strengthens claims of conspiracy and obstruction

#### SF2: Rynette Sage System Control
- **Relevance**: Proves technical capability for financial manipulation
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Direct evidence of system control and email access

#### SF4: SARS Audit
- **Relevance**: Independent regulatory verification
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Third-party corroboration of irregularities

#### SF5: Adderory Registration
- **Relevance**: Potential fictitious supplier structure
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (MEDIUM)
- **Impact**: Supports revenue manipulation claims

#### SF7: Court-Ordered Email Seizure
- **Relevance**: Judicial recognition of incriminating communications
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Court acknowledgment of serious concerns

### Integration with Existing Claims

The new evidence from SF1-SF8 directly supports and strengthens the following claims in this application:
1. Conspiracy to defraud (SF1: motive, SF2: capability)
2. Financial manipulation (SF2: system control, SF4: regulatory verification)
3. Obstruction of justice (SF1: audit dismissal motive)
4. Breach of fiduciary duty (SF1: triple conflict)

**See**: [Evidence Index 2025-12-19](evidence-index-2025-12-19.md) for complete details

Commit message:

CRITICAL CORRECTION: R18.75M is Ketoni debt to FFT, not Bantjies personal debt
This commit corrects a fundamental factual error in the evidence documentation.

CORRECTION SUMMARY:
- The R18.75M is owed by Ketoni Investment Holdings to FFT (not Bantjies personally)
- Bantjies' conflict of interest arises from his corporate position, not personal debt

CORRECT RELATIONSHIP STRUCTURE:
1. Ketoni Investment Holdings owes R18.75M to FFT (May 2026 payout)
2. Kevin Derrick is CEO of George Group AND Director/Shareholder of Ketoni
3. Danie Bantjies is CFO of George Group (reports to Kevin Derrick)
4. Bantjies was unlawfully appointed as FFT Trustee by Rynette (July 2024)

CONFLICT OF INTEREST:
- Bantjies owes professional loyalty to Kevin Derrick (his CEO at George Group)
- Kevin Derrick owns Ketoni which owes R18.75M to FFT
- Bantjies is also Trustee of FFT (owes fiduciary duty to beneficiaries)
- This creates CFO-Trustee conflict, not debtor-trustee conflict

FILES UPDATED:
- entities.json (v37.0) - Added George Group entity, corrected Bantjies/Ketoni
- relations.json (v37.0) - Added 5 new relations for correct structure
- 296 markdown files - Corrected Bantjies debt references to Ketoni debt
- Created KETONI_RELATIONSHIP_CORRECTION_2026_01_28.md documentation

This correction is critical for accurate legal filings and evidence presentation.

docs/application-1.md, after:

**[<< Back to Comprehensive Evidence Index](./EVIDENCE_INDEX_COMPREHENSIVE_2025_12_15.md)**

---

---
layout: default
title: Application 1 - Ex Parte Interdict
---

**Navigation:** [Home](index.md) → Application 1

---



# Application 1: Ex Parte Interdict (August 13, 2025)

[← Back to Home](index.md) | [View Application 2 →](application-2.md) | [View Application 3 →](application-3.md) | [All Applications](applications.md)

---

## Overview

**Case Number:** 2025-137857  
**Application Type:** Ex parte urgent application  
**Filed:** August 13, 2025  
**Targets:** Both Jacqueline and Daniel Faucitt  
**Status:** Pending return date; notice of intention to oppose filed September 5, 2025

---

## Critical Timeline

### Trigger Event
**August 11, 2025:** Jacqueline signs "Main Trustee" document  
**August 13, 2025:** Interdict launched (**2 days later**)

This rapid response (48 hours) suggests the application was **pre-planned** and waiting for a trigger event.

### Key Preceding Event - Retaliatory Motive
**July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice sent to Peter](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 📄  
**August 13, 2025:** First interdict filed (**36 days later**)

**Evidence File:** [POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)

This timeline demonstrates **retaliatory motive** under *Beinash v Wixley* - the application was filed in direct response to legitimate POPIA enforcement action.

---

## Relief Granted (Ex Parte)

The following relief was granted without notice to the respondents:

1. **Comprehensive contact interdict** against both Jacqueline and Daniel
2. **Business operations restrictions**
3. **Communication prohibitions**
4. **Interim control measures**

**Legal Issue:** The ex parte nature of the application raises serious questions about:
- Material non-disclosure of facts
- Misrepresentation of circumstances
- Failure to present complete picture to the court

---

## Material Facts Concealed in Ex Parte Application

### 1. POPIA Violation Context

<a name="popia-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** The application was filed 36 days after Daniel sent a formal POPIA violation notice to Peter.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [POPIA Violation Notice (July 8, 2025)](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Primary trigger document
- 📄 [SA Legislation Compliance Guide](evidence/popia/Dansent2StaffmidJuly-keypointsfromSouthAfricanLegislationComplianceGuideforAIandInformationHandling-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Daniel's compliance efforts

**Legal Significance:** Demonstrates that the interdict was retaliatory, not protective. The court was not informed of this critical context.

### 2. Shopify Platform Ownership

<a name="shopify-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** The Shopify platform central to the business has been owned and paid for by Daniel's UK company (RegimA Zone Ltd) since July 2023.

**Evidence:**
- Revenue Stream documentation in [Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md)
- Platform ownership documentation showing 28+ months of UK company funding (R140K-R280K)
- **Critical Implication:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream

**Legal Significance:** The court was misled about the true ownership structure and revenue generation mechanisms. This goes to the heart of the dispute.

### 3. Trustee Misconduct by Applicant

<a name="email-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter's own actions as trustee violated trust law and fiduciary duties.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Trustee Correspondence - ID Copy Request](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Operating Entity Lists showing corporate structure](evidence/emails/Fw_update-SomeInitialInformation&OperatingEntityLists-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Operating Entity Lists (Version 2)](evidence/emails/Fw_update-SomeInitialInformation&OperatingEntityLists-DanielFaucitt-Outlook1.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** The applicant presented himself as a proper trustee when evidence shows otherwise.

### 4. ReZonance Payment System Seizure

<a name="rezonance-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter and Rynette seized control of the ReZonance payment system after Kayla's death, disrupting legitimate business operations.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [ReZonance 2023, 2024, 2025 Correspondence](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [ReZonance-Unicorn-Joziway Communications](evidence/rezonance/Fw_Rezonance-Unicorn-Joziway-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
- 📄 [Accounting Records Pre-Kayla Death (Feb 2023)](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf)
- 📄 [ReZonance Records (Feb 2023)](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Shows systematic takeover of payment infrastructure, contradicting applicant's narrative of protecting business interests.

### 5. Sage Accounting System Control

<a name="sage-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** Peter and Rynette seized control of the Sage accounting system, locking out legitimate directors.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Sage Screenshots and Control Analysis](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Demonstrates that the applicant already had operational control and the interdict was about consolidating unlawful seizure, not protection.

### 6. CIPC Corporate Control Timeline

<a name="cipc-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** CIPC records show suspicious timing of directorship changes and name changes.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [CIPC WinDeed Report - RegimA SA (PDF)](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf)
- 📄 [CIPC WinDeed Report - RegimA SA (RTF)](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Rtf)

**Critical Facts:**
- K OZ CREATIVE → REGIMA SA on **2021-03-09**
- Peter added as director: **2021-03-09**
- Kayla resigned: **2021-03-08** (day before)

**Legal Significance:** Suspicious timing suggests pre-planning and potential fraud, not disclosed to court.

### 7. Trademark Ownership Misrepresentation

<a name="trademark-evidence"></a>
**Concealed Fact:** RegimA Zone trademark is registered to Daniel's entities, not Peter's.

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [Trademark Registration UK00914297063](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)

**Legal Significance:** Court was misled about intellectual property ownership and business entitlements.

---

## Accounting Evidence Analysis

<a name="accounting-evidence"></a>
### Pre-Disruption Financial Records

The accounting evidence from February 2023 (before Kayla's death) shows normal business operations with:
- Functioning ReZonance payment system
- Proper WWD books maintenance
- Transparent financial flows

**Evidence:**
- 📄 [ReZonance WWD Books Feb 2023](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) - [Text Version](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.md)
- 📄 [ReZonance Feb 2023](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.pdf) - [Text Version](evidence/accounting/Rez2023-02.md)

**Contrast:** After Kayla's death, Peter and Rynette seized control of these systems, disrupting operations and creating the "chaos" they now cite as justification for the interdict.

---

## Legal Theories Supported by Evidence

### Theory 001: Abuse of Ex Parte Procedure

**Standard:** Any misrepresentation in an ex parte application is grounds for rescission.

**Evidence of Material Non-Disclosure:**
1. [POPIA violation context](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Retaliatory motive concealed
2. [Shopify ownership](evidence-index-enhanced.md#shopify) - True business structure concealed
3. [Trustee misconduct](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - Applicant's violations concealed
4. [Sage control](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf) - Already had operational control
5. [Trademark ownership](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) - IP rights misrepresented

**Conclusion:** Multiple material facts were concealed from the court, warranting rescission of the ex parte order.

### Theory 002: Retaliatory Motive

**Standard:** *Beinash v Wixley* - Pattern of retaliatory litigation

**Evidence:**
1. **July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice sent](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 📄
2. **August 13, 2025:** First interdict filed (36 days later)
3. **Sequential pattern:** This is the first of three interdicts filed in three months

**Conclusion:** Clear retaliatory pattern established by evidence.

### Theory 003: Corporate Misconduct

**Evidence:**
1. [Accounting records](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) showing pre/post disruption
2. [ReZonance seizure](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) 
3. [Sage control takeover](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf)
4. [CIPC timeline](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf) showing suspicious directorship changes
5. [Operating entity structures](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) concealing true relationships

**Conclusion:** Systematic corporate misconduct by applicant, not disclosed to court.

### Theory 004: Trustee Misconduct

**Evidence:**
1. [Trustee correspondence](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) showing violations
2. [Operating entity manipulation](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf)
3. Financial control seizure ([ReZonance](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf), [Sage](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf))

**Conclusion:** Applicant's own trustee misconduct was concealed while seeking relief based on alleged respondent misconduct.

---

## Revenue Stream Hijacking Context

### March - August 2025: 158 Days of Criminal Activity

This application was filed at the end of a **6-month campaign** of systematic revenue stream hijacking. The evidence shows:

**15 Key Events documented across 3 crime categories:**
- **Revenue Theft:** R3,141,647.70
- **Trust Violations:** R2,851,247.35
- **Financial Manipulation:** R4,276,832.85
- **Total Losses:** R10,269,727.90

**Critical Events Leading to Application:**
- **May 22, 2025:** [Shopify audit trail hijacking](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md) - R1M+ monthly revenue → R0
- **July 8, 2025:** [POPIA violation notice](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) triggers retaliatory response
- **August 13, 2025:** Ex parte interdict filed to consolidate control

**Documentation:** See [Revenue Stream Timeline](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md) for complete analysis.

---

## Evidence Summary Table

| Evidence Category | Files | Key Facts | Legal Theories |
|------------------|-------|-----------|----------------|
| [POPIA](evidence/popia/POPIAViolationNotice-SenttoPeteon8July2025-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 2 | Violation notice July 8 → Interdict Aug 13 (36 days) | Theory 002 (Retaliatory Motive) |
| [Email](evidence/emails/TRUSTEEFw_CopyofyourID-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 4 | Trustee correspondence, operating entities, corporate structure | Theory 001, 003, 004 |
| [ReZonance](evidence/rezonance/FW_RezonceREZONANCE23,24,25FEBS-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 2 | Payment system seizure, disruption after Kayla's death | Theory 003, Shell Company Fraud |
| [Sage](evidence/sage/SAGE_SCREENSHOTS_CONTROL_ANALYSIS.md.pdf) | 1 | Accounting system control seizure | Theory 001, 003 |
| [CIPC](evidence/cipc/347975701_REGIMA_SA_K201708793507.Pdf) | 2 | Suspicious directorship timeline (2021-03-08/09) | Theory 003 (backdating fraud) |
| [Trademark](evidence/trademark/FW_Trademarkregistrationnos.UK00914297063REGIMAZONEinclasses03,05and44inthenameofREGIMASKINTREATMENTSCC[Witzref_CS2511.UK.03+]-DanielFaucitt-Outlook.pdf) | 1 | RegimA Zone UK00914297063 ownership | Theory 001 |
| [Accounting](evidence/accounting/Rez-WWDBooks2023-02.pdf) | 2 | Pre-disruption records (Feb 2023) | Theory 003, 004 |

---

## Answering Affidavit Response

### Opposition Filed: September 5, 2025

**Status:** Notice of intention to oppose filed, return date pending.

**Key Arguments:**
1. **Material non-disclosure:** Court was misled about critical facts
2. **Retaliatory motive:** Application filed 36 days after POPIA violation notice
3. **Already in control:** Applicant had seized Sage, ReZonance, and operational control
4. **Shopify revelation:** RWD ZA has no independent revenue stream
5. **Trustee misconduct:** Applicant's own violations concealed

**Supporting Documentation:**
- [Answering Affidavit V7](ANSWERING_AFFIDAVIT_V7_FINAL_COMPLETE.md)
- [Curatorship Conspiracy Analysis](CURATORSHIP_CONSPIRACY_ANALYSIS_REPORT.md)

---

## Next Application in Sequence

This application is the **first of three sequential interdicts** filed in three months:

1. **August 13, 2025:** Ex Parte Interdict (this application) ✓
2. **October 2025:** [Settlement Agreement Enforcement](application-2.md) →
3. **November 4, 2025:** [Contact Interdict](application-3.md) →

**Pattern Analysis:** See [Sequential Interdicts Pattern Analysis](SEQUENTIAL_INTERDICTS_PATTERN_ANALYSIS.md)

---

## Navigation

**Related Pages:**
- [← Back to Home](index.md)
- [View Application 2 (Settlement Enforcement) →](application-2.md)
- [View Application 3 (Contact Interdict) →](application-3.md)
- [View All Applications Side-by-Side](applications.md)
- [Complete Evidence Index](evidence-index.md)

**Key Documents:**
- [Revenue Stream Timeline](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/KEY_EVENTS_TIMELINE_MARCH_AUGUST_2025.md)
- [Shopify Platform Analysis](Revenue_Stream/02_Hijacking/SHOPIFY_REVENUE_REVELATION_ANALYSIS.md)
- [Sequential Interdicts Analysis](SEQUENTIAL_INTERDICTS_PATTERN_ANALYSIS.md)


---

## Extended Evidence Repository

For comprehensive supporting documentation, see the [ad-res-j7 repository](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7) which contains:

- **2,866 evidence files** (226.78 MB total)
- Complete email archives and correspondence
- Financial documents and analysis
- Legal filings and court documents
- CIPC records and corporate documentation
- Comprehensive evidence index and catalog

**[View Complete Evidence Catalog →](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7/blob/main/COMPREHENSIVE_EVIDENCE_INDEX.md)**

---

**Last Updated:** 2025-11-19


## New Evidence (2025-12-18 Refinement)

The following new evidence has been identified and cross-referenced, strengthening the application:

- **SF1 - Ketoni R18.75M Payout Documentation structure.
- **SF2: Rynette Sage Control:** Shows Rynette Farrar's administrative control over the accounting system.
- **SF4: SARS Audit Email:** Indicates official regulatory scrutiny of the companies' tax affairs.
- **SF5: Adderory Registration:** Shows the creation of a new entity for potential revenue manipulation.
- **SF7: Court Order for Email Seizure:** Legal action to seize potentially incriminating email communications.

These new evidence points significantly strengthen the case for financial fraud, conspiracy, and manipulation of accounting records.


## New Evidence - Bantjies Conflict of Interest (2025-12-19)

### SF1 - Ketoni R18.75M Payout Documentation Documentation (R18.75M (Ketoni debt to FFT))

**Evidence Type:** Documentary, financial records  
**Burden of Proof:** Civil HIGH, Criminal MEDIUM

**Key Findings:**

1. **R18.75M (Ketoni debt to FFT) Debt:** Ketoni owes R18.75M to FFT (Bantjies has conflict as George Group CFO) to the Faucitt Family Trust
2. **Undisclosed Trustee:** Bantjies was appointed trustee in July 2024 but never disclosed this status
3. **Triple Conflict:** Bantjies simultaneously held three incompatible positions:
   - Trustee (fiduciary duty to trust)
   - Debtor (personal interest in avoiding collection)
   - Accountant (control over financial systems)

**Timeline of Obstruction:**

- **June 6, 2025:** Daniel reports fraud to Bantjies (EVENT_086)
- **June 10, 2025:** Bantjies dismisses audit request (EVENT_087)
- **August 1, 2025:** Bantjies certifies Peter's affidavit (EVENT_088)
- **August 13, 2025:** Interdict granted against Jacqui and Daniel

**Legal Implications:**

- Breach of fiduciary duty
- Conflict of interest
- Professional misconduct (Commissioner of Oaths)
- Material non-disclosure in court proceedings
- Obstruction of fraud investigation

**Impact on Civil Application:**

This evidence demonstrates clear motive for the entire obstruction pattern. Bantjies had R18.75M (Ketoni debt to FFT) reasons to:
- Dismiss Daniel's legitimate audit request
- Support Peter's interdict application
- Certify affidavit with material omissions
- Prevent discovery of fraud

The interdict application may be voidable due to material non-disclosure of Bantjies's trustee status and debt.

**Cross-References:**
- [SF1 Full Documentation](https://github.com/cogpy/ad-res-j7/blob/main/ANNEXURES/SF1_Ketoni_Debt_FFT_Documentation.md)
- [EVENT_086: Daniel reports to Bantjies](events/EVENT_086.html)
- [EVENT_087: Bantjies dismisses audit](events/EVENT_087.html)
- [EVENT_088: Bantjies certifies affidavit](events/EVENT_088.html)
- [Relations Update 2025-12-19](RELATIONS_UPDATE_2025_12_19.html)



---

## New Evidence (2025-12-19 Refinement)

### Evidence Strengthening Civil Action


#### SF1 - Ketoni R18.75M Payout Documentation
- **Relevance**: Establishes motive and conflict of interest
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Strengthens claims of conspiracy and obstruction

#### SF2: Rynette Sage System Control
- **Relevance**: Proves technical capability for financial manipulation
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Direct evidence of system control and email access

#### SF4: SARS Audit
- **Relevance**: Independent regulatory verification
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Third-party corroboration of irregularities

#### SF5: Adderory Registration
- **Relevance**: Potential fictitious supplier structure
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (MEDIUM)
- **Impact**: Supports revenue manipulation claims

#### SF7: Court-Ordered Email Seizure
- **Relevance**: Judicial recognition of incriminating communications
- **Burden of Proof**: Civil (HIGH)
- **Impact**: Court acknowledgment of serious concerns

### Integration with Existing Claims

The new evidence from SF1-SF8 directly supports and strengthens the following claims in this application:
1. Conspiracy to defraud (SF1: motive, SF2: capability)
2. Financial manipulation (SF2: system control, SF4: regulatory verification)
3. Obstruction of justice (SF1: audit dismissal motive)
4. Breach of fiduciary duty (SF1: triple conflict)

**See**: [Evidence Index 2025-12-19](evidence-index-2025-12-19.md) for complete details
